Steaming analytics links (#1323)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/streaming-analytics/analytics-builder-bundle/getting-started.md

This topic gives a brief overview of how to add and design a new model, and how to view its output. It is not intended to be a comprehensive description of the full range of possibilities provided by Analytics Builder. Therefore, explanations are kept to a minimum. For more detailed information, see the remainder of this documentation.

> The steps below require that a device has already been registered in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Preferably, this is a device which is already sending measurement values to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. This can be, for example, a smartphone on which the {{< sensor-app >}} has been installed \(see [{{< sensor-app >}}](/sensor-app/overview/) for detailed information\).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps below require that a device has already been registered in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Preferably, this is a device which is already sending measurement values to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. This can be, for example, a smartphone on which the {{< sensor-app >}} has been installed, see [{{< sensor-app >}}](/sensor-app/overview/) for details.
```

#### Step 9: Go to the Device management and view the measurements

> To view the measurements that are sent from your active model, you have to switch to the Device management application. See [Device management](/section/device_management/) for detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the measurements that are sent from your active model, you have to switch to the Device management application. See [Device management](/device-management-application/) for detailed information.
```

> To view the measurements that are sent from your active model, you have to switch to the Device management application. See [Device management](/device-management-application/) for detailed information.

Reviewer 2: shouldn't this then be "Device management application" also in the link text?

This topic is not intended to be a comprehensive description of the full range of possibilities provided by Analytics Builder. Therefore, explanations are kept to a minimum. For more detailed information, see the remainder of this documentation.

> The steps below require that a device has already been registered in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Preferably, this is a device which is already sending measurement values to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. This can be, for example, a smartphone on which the {{< sensor-app >}} has been installed \(see [{{< sensor-app >}}](/sensor-app/overview/) for detailed information\).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The steps below require that a device has already been registered in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. Preferably, this is a device which is already sending measurement values to {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. This can be, for example, a smartphone on which the {{< sensor-app >}} has been installed, see [{{< sensor-app >}}](/sensor-app/overview/) for details.
```

#### Step 6: Go to the Device management application and view the alarms

To view the alarms that are sent from your active instance, you have to switch to the Device management application.

> See [Device management](/device-management-application/) for detailed information.

Reviewer 2: here as well

> See [Device management](/section/device_management/) for detailed information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Device management](/device-management-application/) for detailed information.
```
